Propose CONSTANT price identifier (#260)
UMAprotocol/UMIPs: UMIPs/umip-constant-priceid.md

# Headers

| UMIP-XYZ | |
|---------|-|
| UMIP Title | Add CONSTANT as a price identifier |
| Authors | Sean Brown (@smb2796) |
| Status | Draft |
| Created | 04/21/21 |
| Discourse | |

# Summary

The DVM should support price requests for a CONSTANT price identifier. CONSTANT will always return the value, that is specified in the ancillary data passed along with the price request, or default to a value of "1" if no ancillary data is used.

# Motivation

For some financial products, it is useful to have a price identifier that simply returns a constant number. As an example, UMA's KPI options always need to be worth 2 UMA before expiry. This can also be accomplished in other ways - like using a financial product library - but for some contract deployers it may be easier to not need to deploy a custom library and instead just set their price by using this price identifier.

This constant identifier will also be the first price identifier to reference ancillary data.

# Markets & Data Sources

None. This price identifier is just a constant and does not refer to any market.

# PRICE FEED IMPLEMENTATION

> This price identifier will use the [ExpressionPriceFeed](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/protocol/blob/master/packages/financial-templates-lib/src/price-feed/ExpressionPriceFeed.js). To use ancillary data with this price identifier, a features will need to be added to the price feeds to allow for the decoding and use of ancillary data. Since this price identifier can be used without ancillary data, it should not be blocked by the lack of ancillary data functionality in the price feeds.

Reviewer: `a feature will need to be added`

# TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

- Price Identifier Name: CONSTANT
- Base Currency: NA
- Quote currency: NA
- Rounding: No rounding is necessary. The value returned should always be exactly equal to the value passed in ancillary data, or equal to 1 if no ancillary data is used.

> When converted from bytes to UTF-8, accompanying ancillary data should follow this format:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When converted from bytes to UTF-8, the ancillary data should be a dictionary containing a `constant` key like so:
```

```

> constant:2

Author: Agreed they absolutely should be!

```

> 2 should be replaced with the constant value that the contract deployer wants to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `constant` key should return the value that voters should resolve for this identifier. In this example, voters should vote 2.
```

> 2 should be replaced with the constant value that the contract deployer wants to use.

Author: Yes, I think it should be. Will update

> 2 should be replaced with the constant value that the contract deployer wants to use.

Author: Actually I'm not sure. This number is purely for voter and bot usage, so would there be any hard requirement to scale this?

> When stored as bytes, the example above would be: 0x636f6e7374616e743a32.

Reviewer 2: Can you provide a link or more details on converting the above into bytes?
```suggestion
When the simple example ancillary data dictionary "constant:2" is stored as bytes, the result would be: 0x636f6e7374616e743a32.
```

# RATIONALE
No rationale is needed. The motivation for this price identifier is explained in `motivation` and there is no plausible alternative for how to return a constant value.
	
# IMPLEMENTATION

1. Look at the price request and get the ancillary data.
2. Decode the ancillary data from bytes to UTF-8.
3. If no ancillary data is provided, or there is ancillary data but it cannot be converted to the format in `Technical Specifications`, return 1. 

> 4. If there is ancillary data that maps to the constant:value format, return the `constant` value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. If the ancillary data in UTF-8 contains a `constant` key, return the `constant` value.
```

# SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS

> Adding this price identifier poses no risk to the UMA system. Since there should be no inconsistency in the result that should be returned, there is no risk of lack of determinism in this approach, as long as the price requester specifies their ancillary data correctly. 

Reviewer 3: Looks good
